Young children are very busy.
They love playing
and experimenting
to find out about the
world around them.
Your child needs you and
the other people in her life
to help her make
sense of it all.
That's because your child learns
about the world through interaction.
It's all about the simple everyday
things you do with your child.
Like eating together ,
talking and playing .
the most important thing about these
everyday interactions is the back and forth
between your child and you.
The talk.
Smiles.
Cuddles
the playing together.
This stimulates your child's
brain and makes her feel loved.
These interactions give your child confidence
and build connections in her brain.
Which help her develop thinking,
Social,
,and emotional skills.
As your child is becoming more
determined to do things for himself.
Your support and
encouragement of vital.
They give your child the
confidence to try new things,
like taking her clothes off
,cleaning teeth.
Or exploring during play
Encouraging her effort and being
specific about what it is she's doing.
Gives her confidence to try
again when things don't go right.
Spending time outside together
gives your child the chance to explore
the environment and have adventures.
She has more space and
freedom for physical play.
Like crawling
running.
Jumping.
Kicking and throwing.
This is good for
your child's health
physical development
and confidence.
Singing
dancing
and listening to music are
lots of fun for your child.
These activities help her be
creative and express feelings.
Singing encourages him to use
words and develop his memory.
Dancing develops groth
motor skills and coordination.
Whether she keeps time
with the music or not.
And quietly listening to
music can be great downtime
for your busy child.
Your child is an
amazing learner.
She's learning new things all the time
through the everyday things you do together.
Interacting with her
in simple ways.
Like talking.
Listening.
Singing and playing.
Helps her grow and thrive.